Official Ubuntu Book
by Helmke, Matthew

Price: $39.99


The free Ubuntu operating system has won the hearts and minds of millions of users worldwide. It combines a strong technical platform, impressive quality, and an enthusiastic global community of users who relentlessly support, document, and test it. " The Official Ubuntu Book, Ninth Edition, " has been extensively updated with a single goal: to make running today s Ubuntu even more pleasant and productive for you. It s the ideal one-stop knowledge source for Ubuntu novices, those upgrading from older versions or other Linux distributions, and anyone moving toward power-user status. Its expert authors focus on what you need to know most about installation, applications, media, administration, software applications, and much more. You ll discover powerful Unity desktop improvements that make Ubuntu even friendlier and more convenient. You ll also connect with the amazing Ubuntu community and the incredible resources it offers you. Learn how to Reliably install, customize, and update Ubuntu for any home, business, school, or government environment Get up and running quickly, and then explore Ubuntu and download powerful free software Customize Ubuntu for performance, accessibility, and fun Get comfortable with the highly efficient Ubuntu command line Install, administer, and secure Ubuntu Server, including advanced features such as LVM and RAID Get involved with related Ubuntu projects Help build, promote, distribute, support, document, or translate Ubuntu Get up-to-the-minute help and troubleshooting advice from Ubuntu users worldwide "
Add to Cart 

Availability: Usually Ships Within 1 to 3 Days

We offer Free Book Shipping for new and used books (non-textbooks) online on orders over $20 within the Continental United States.

Buying a gift? We'll get it there looking great. Gift wrapping is only $1 per package and includes a handwritten personal note.

Product Details

Binding: Paperback
Publisher: PRENTICE HALL
ISBN: 9780134513423
Publication Date: 07/30/2016